Corn Dogs (baked)

Ingredients:
   1 C        reduced-fat milk 
   2 1/4 tsp  active dry yeast 
   2 tbls     extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for greasing 
   2 tbls     packed light brown sugar 
   1 C        fine yellow cornmeal 
   1 1/2 C    flour, plus more for dusting and kneading 
   1 tsp      salt 
   1/4 tsp    baking soda 
   1/4 tsp    cayenne pepper or paprika 
   1 pkg      hot dogs
   1          egg, beaten 
   1 tbls     black sesame seeds (optional)

Directions:
   1. Warm milk to 110 degrees in a small sauce pan and add yeast, stirring
      gently.  Allow it to sit for two minutes to soften. While this is going,
      Add olive oil, brown sugar, cornmeal into a bowl or mixer. Add the milk
      to this mix.
   2. Stir in the flour, salt, baking soda, and cayenne pepper and mix into a
      sticky dough. You may need to add more flour if the mix is too sticky.
      We found that the recipe was a little off and needed a bit more flour.
   3. Turn out dough onto a floured surface and kneed it out for a couple
      minutes. Shape it into a ball and place it in a lightly oiled container
      and cover it with a towel (We always put ours in the microwave with a
      towel over it so it stays at a good temperature). Let dough sit for 1
      hour. While this is rising, prep your hot dogs by inserting sticks or
      skewers about 1-2 inches deep and set aside.
   4. Preheat oven to 450 degrees.
   5. Turn out dough onto a lightly floured surface and roll it out thin. We
      rolled ours to about 1/4 inch or less. The more dough you will have
      around your dogs, the thicker they will obviously be, so its up to you!
   6. Cut the dough into 1-inch strips that are about 10-12 inches long. Begin
      rolling the dough around the dogs, holding the dogs at an angle so that
      you are not overlapping the dough more than 1/4-inch. Pinch together
      ends or any open areas to seal.
   7. Place on greased/sprayed baking sheet and brush with beaten egg. Add
      sesame seeds if desired.
   8. Bake in oven for 15 minutes 


Source:
   http://www.kohlercreated.com/blog/?p=6838

